what's up y'all this is brian mazique be
featured columnist bleacherreport.com
AKA franchise play a k-8 a big numbers
guy divisional playoff round simulation
time the coats visiting the patriots
chad masters that's another way to spell
bill belichick not really but you know
what I'm saying starting it off in the
first quarter Tom Brady hits Julian
Edelman ditch it down inside the 9 yard
line and the Patriots are knocking on
the door looking to score for the first
time be the first team to score in the
game shotgun from the eighth Brady under
pressure no matter touchdown bang that's
mr. Mulligan knee in the place of every
tight end in America their heads going
down for the Patriots touchdown the
pages least seven to nothing but andrew
luck trying to come back look at this
though he's under pressure what are you
doing Andrew what are you doing Andy
that turned into a fumble some sort of
way villano picks it up for the fumble
recovery if you look at the replay I
don't know what happened did it fall out
his hand or what I don't know maybe it
shouldn't even gonna fumble should've
probably could have been an incomplete
pass but does villano catch it on the
phenolic hits the ground I don't know
what the devil that is what it was
officially called a fumble and it
officially set up this a field goal
attempt from Gostkowski drains it and
the pictures are leading tender nothing
going into the second half Indianapolis
gonna need another comeback like the
head against the chiefs 114 left in the
third still tend to nothing drew oh no
and rumor you can't do that you can't do
that Gregory I'm gonna pick Andrew Luck
at the same for tea time is Cam Newton
but he ain't fast enough to catch
Gregory Gregory takes it back for a pick
6 and Andrew Luck has to dip his head in
sorrow 17 to nothing but first player to
fourth quarter luck trying to start to
come back now under pressure again Devin
McCourty Devin McCourty with the pic and
Andrew
look is not having a lot of look today
at all and yeah Steve Gregory's pick six
turns out to give him the player the
player of the game Wow Indianapolis get
smoked like a black and mild out here
man and a touchdown pass to Milligan was
to play the game Patriots win this one
20 27 let's see if it happens in real
life yall stay tuned for my official
prediction subscribe follow peace